Added alpha documentation alpha-v0.4.403 (#55)
oakestra/documentation: content/version/alpha-v0.4.403/docs/getting-started/oak-environment/high-level-view.md

---
title: "High Level Setup Overview"
summary: ""
draft: false
weight: 102010000
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

{{< svg "architecture" >}}

> Oakestra lets you deploy your workload on devices of any size, from a small RasperryPi to a cloud instance far away on GCP or AWS. The tree structure enables you to create multiple clusters of resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oakestra lets you deploy your workload on devices of any size, from a small Raspberry Pi to a cloud instance far away on GCP or AWS. The tree structure enables you to create multiple clusters of resources.
```
